---
title: "Sites"
bg: blue
color: white
style: right
fa-color: orange
fa-icon: bus
---
# Eiffel Tower

Built  in 1889 as the entrance arch to the
1889 World's Fair.

Has become both a global cultural icon of
France and one of the most recognizable
structures in the world.

The tower is the tallest structure in Paris
and the most-visited paid monument in
the world.

The tower received its 250 millionth visitor
in 2010.

Au Avec Au will make sure that you
experience part of France’s history as we
have a quiet dinner, and watch the tower
light up the starry Paris sky!

# The Louvre

The Louvre Museum was built August 10,1793  and
is one of the world's largest museums and a historic
monument in Paris, France. It is a central landmark of
the city.

The Louvre is the world's most visited museum,
receiving more than 9.7 million visitors in 2012.

Join us as Au Avec Au takes you on a journey
through France’s most cherished art antiques as we
take a day to explore the Louvre Museum commonly
known as the _“Home of the Mona Lisa”_

# Notre Dame de Paris

French for _"Our Lady of Paris“_

Structural building started in 1163,but was finished until
1345.The cathedral is widely considered to be one of the
finest examples of French Gothic architecture, and it is
among the largest and most well-known church
buildings in the world.

This cathedral is well know for its glass window,
gargoyles, legends and of course its bells. The cathedral
has 10 bells. Emmanuel (largest), Marie, Gabriel ,Anne
Geneviève, Denis, Marcel, Étienne, Joseph, Maurice,
and Jean-Marie

We will get a chance to take a tour of the cathedral, learn
more about its history, and maybe get to meet
Quasimodo? The possibilities are endless with Au Avec Au.
